# Code-Quiz
Another homework in which I had a lot of help from Chad, but after his explanation of what we went through together the code makes sense. I used DOM manipulation in order to make this code quiz possible. I must state that I was not able to create the timer and the submit page for this assignment. I first created the html and css page for the website which I did not put much effort in styling. Onto the JS file, I used dom manipulation in order to create a function when 'load' is read by the Javascript file that an array of questions and answers are loaded onto the screen to prompt the quiz. I created objects into the array qArr to make the code more compact and easier to reference throughout the code. Q stands for the questions, a for the options of answers and c for the correct answer. Below this, I determined values for variables that I will reference within the code as well. One the variables 'submit' was linked to the button within the html page and I created an event in which when the button was clicked a display of the first question would appear on the page which was called displayQ. I declared that displayQ would be a function in which would continuously proceed with all the questions in order from the array by creating a node that referenced the q (questions) within the objects located in the array. This allowed the counter to be set at 0 starting off with the first question and when a button was clicked from the previous declaration with the event listener would automatically proceed to the next question. For the answers, I made a for loop in which I started at 0 to match the questions with the answers from the correct objects within the array. Under the loop I declared multiple elements to be nested within each other to properly be displayed onto the screen. Under this pile of code, I created an if and else statement to delcare the points how many points were added to the score when the user answered correctly and how many points were deducted when the answer was incorrect. I have also made alerts to notify the user immediately after their choice for eahc question if their answer was correct. I felt I did not have the right tools to get this all done properly, but hope this was good enough for a pass for the homework.
